c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Benchmark1.dll
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Benchmark1.pdb
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Benchmark1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Benchmark1.g.resources
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Benchmark1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Benchmark1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Benchmark1.dll
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Benchmark1.pdb
c:\users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\DeviceInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\acceleromter link.g.cs
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\NetworkInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\SystemInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\floattest.g.cs
C:\Users\mypc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Benchmark1\Benchmark1\obj\Debug\Performance.g.cs
